(The last item is a balloon!)
(After the shooting, HaSeul became The LIttle Balloon Girl!)
HaSeul : Two thousand won for one balloon, three thousand won for two balloon~
HaSeul : (Not sold) I should take these balloon…
ViVi : Why don’t you sell?
HaSeul : I’ll take it to Seoul
HaSeul : and play with HeeJin & HyunJin
(HaSeul is always thinking about members wherever she goes)
ViVi : HyunJin.. hang out like this..?
(HaSeul is even taking care of the children who are passing by!)
(And left balloons are going to Seoul where HeeJin, HyunJin & YeoJin live)
(After a while, ViVi and HaSeul have arrived in Seoul!)
HaSeul : There were no zombies which ViVi really wanted to meet
HaSeul : But we visited the beautiful village and had a good time
ViVi : Yes, I really love it
HaSeul : Let’s take a trip to Busan later!!
ViVi : Yes
ViVi : We’ll have fun and eat delicious food
HaSeul & ViVi : See you~
It's the end of Busan episodes of LOOΠΔ TV!